docs(dashboards): one consolidated pass over the Dashboards V2 docs (#3856)
SigNoz/signoz.io: data/docs/dashboards/overview.mdx

---
date: 2026-07-29
title: Dashboards
description: Build custom dashboards to visualize metrics, logs, and traces in SigNoz.
doc_type: explanation
---

Dashboards let you build custom visualizations over any telemetry signal, metrics, logs or traces, and combine them into one view for your team. Start from a pre-built template or compose panels from scratch.

Dashboards have been rebuilt: a views-first list you can filter with a query, sections instead of one flat grid, a full-page panel editor, and a variables runtime that only refetches the panels a change actually affects.

<Figure

>   src="/img/docs/dashboards/overview/dashboards-overview.gif"

Reviewer: Can we replace the GIF with new V2 dashboard design page?

Author: The gif has been updated. See the files

  alt="SigNoz dashboards: the list, a dashboard, and the panel editor"
/>

## Key capabilities

> - **[Find the dashboard you want](https://signoz.io/docs/userguide/manage-dashboards/#saved-views)**: open on a views rail, filter the list with a query such as `tags CONTAINS 'prod' AND updated_at > -7d`, pin what you use daily, and save any filter combination as a view your team can share.

Reviewer: This example may not run as written: `tags` does not look like one of the queryable filter keys (a tag key is used directly, as in `env = 'prod'`), and `updated_at` seems to want a quoted RFC3339 timestamp rather than a relative value like `-7d`. The filter-key table in `manage-dashboards.mdx` in this same PR has the valid forms. Could you double-check and swap in something copyable?

```suggestion
- **[Find the dashboard you want](https://signoz.io/docs/userguide/manage-dashboards/#saved-views)**: open on a views rail, filter the list with a query such as `env = 'prod' AND updated_at >= '2026-07-20T00:00:00Z'`, pin what you use daily, and save any filter combination as a view your team can share.
```

> - **[Find the dashboard you want](https://signoz.io/docs/userguide/manage-dashboards/#saved-views)**: open on a views rail, filter the list with a query such as `tags CONTAINS 'prod' AND updated_at > -7d`, pin what you use daily, and save any filter combination as a view your team can share.

Author: ```suggestion
- **[Find the dashboard you want](https://signoz.io/docs/userguide/manage-dashboards/#saved-views)**: open on a views rail, filter the list with a query such as `tag CONTAINS prod AND updated_at >= '2026-07-20T00:00:00Z'`, pin what you use daily, and save any filter combination as a view your team can share.
```
